This part is to answer basic JS questions.
1. What are the different data types present in javascript?
   String           null  (type of obj)              object(this includes array)
   number           undefined                         symbols
   boolean          Nan

2. Explain Hoisting in javascript.
   Hoisting is a concept used to describe how JS engine hoists or brings 
   all the varibles and functions in our code to the top stack before execution starts

3. Difference between “==” and “===” operators.
   == compares value only
   === compares value and reference/ correction: types
4. Explain Implicit Type Coercion in javascript.
   So js is dynamically typed it means data types are assigned to values at run time 
   so for example if we declare a variable it can hold any data type 
   //correction Implicit type coercion in javascript is automatic conversion of value from one data type to another. 
   //It takes place when the operands of an expression are of different data types.
5. Is javascript a statically typed or a dynamically typed language?
   Dynamically typed 
6. What is NaN property in JavaScript?
   object
   // correction: not a number
7. Explain passed by value and passed by reference.
   In JavaScript, primitive data types are passed by value and non-primitive data types are passed by reference.
8. What is an Immediately Invoked Function in javascript?
   An Immediately Invoked Function ( known as IIFE and pronounced as IIFY) is a function 
   that runs as soon as it is defined.
9. Explain Higher Order Functions in javascript.
   Functions that operate on other functions, either by taking them as arguments or by returning them,
    are called higher-order functions.
    Higher order functions are a result of functions being first-class citizens in javascript.
10. Explain “this” keyword.
    this repesents the current scope it can be local or global 
    for example in a global context js global execution creates window and this 
     when we do this. will give us access to all windows objects.
     //correction The “this” keyword refers to the object that the function is a property of.
     The value of “this” keyword will always depend on the object that is invoking the function.

11. Explain call(), apply() and, bind() methods.
12. What is Currying in javascript?
13. Explain Scope and Scope Chain in javascript.
14. Explain Closures in JavaScript.
15. What are object prototypes?
16. What are callbacks?
17. What is memoization?
18. What is recursion in a programming language?
19. What is the use of a constructor function in javascript?
20. What is DOM?


21. What are arrow functions?
22. Differences between declaring variables using var, let and const.
23. What is the rest parameter and spread operator?
24. What is the use of promises in javascript?
25. What are classes in javascript?
26. What are generator functions?
27. Explain WeakSet in javascript.
28. Explain WeakMap in javascript.
29. What is Object Destructuring?
30. What is a Temporal Dead Zone?